README.md, before:

# Enhanced Event Display Embed Scripts (v2.1.1)

This project provides a JavaScript enhancer that adds advanced filtering capabilities to the original event display embed script.

## Overview

1. **Enhancer Script (`embed-enhancer.js`)**: Works alongside the original embed script to add advanced filtering
2. **Configurator Tool**: A web-based tool to help build custom embed codes with the desired options
3. **Original Script Reference** (`embed-orig.js`): The original embed script for reference

The enhancer enables client-side filtering and display options without changing the existing API or data source.

## Installation

### Using the Enhancer Script

Include the original embed script followed by the enhancer script:

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="https://crowdwork.com/embed.js?v=BETA-2025-04" data-theatre="your-theatre"></script>
<script src="path/to/embed-enhancer.js"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Using the Configurator

For an easier setup, use the configurator tool to generate your embed code:

1. Open the configurator tool at `/configurator/index.html`
2. Configure your desired options
3. Copy the generated code to your website

## Configuration Options

The script supports the following configuration options via data attributes:

### Base Configuration (Original Options)

| Attribute | Type | Description | Default |
|-----------|------|-------------|---------|
| `data-theatre` | string | The theatre subdomain to fetch data from | Required |
| `data-type` | string | Type of events to display: "shows" or "classes" | "shows" |
| `data-view` | string | Display mode: "calendar" or "cards" | "calendar" for shows, "cards" for classes |
| `data-category` | string | Filter events by category | None |
| `data-start-date` | string | Initial calendar date (YYYY-MM-DD) | Current date |
| `data-start-dow` | number | First day of week (0=Sunday, 1=Monday, etc.) | 1 (Monday) |
| `data-local` | boolean | Whether to open links in same window | false |
| `data-development` | boolean | Enable development mode | false |

### Advanced Filtering Options (New)

| Attribute | Type | Description | Default |
|-----------|------|-------------|---------|
| `data-include-tags` | string | Comma-separated list of tags to include | None |
| `data-exclude-tags` | string | Comma-separated list of tags to exclude | None |
| `data-tag-match` | string | Tag matching strategy: "any" or "all" | "any" |
| `data-limit` | number | Maximum number of events to show | 0 (no limit) |
| `data-date-range` | string | Date range (format: "YYYY-MM-DD,YYYY-MM-DD") | None |
| `data-date-offset` | string | Show events within period (e.g., "7d", "2w", "1m") | None |
| `data-days-of-week` | string | Comma-separated days to include (0-6, where 0=Sunday) | None |
| `data-special-filter` | string | Predefined filter (see Special Filters) | None |
| `data-combined-view` | boolean | Show both shows and classes in one view | false |

## URL Parameter Support

The script supports the following URL parameters for sharing filtered views:

| Parameter | Description | Example |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `include-tags` | Comma-separated list of tags to include | `?include-tags=comedy,music` |
| `exclude-tags` | Comma-separated list of tags to exclude | `?exclude-tags=18+,mature` |
| `tag-match` | Tag matching strategy: "any" or "all" | `?tag-match=all` |
| `start-date` | Filter start date (YYYY-MM-DD) | `?start-date=2025-05-01` |
| `end-date` | Filter end date (YYYY-MM-DD) | `?end-date=2025-05-31` |
| `days-of-week` | Comma-separated days to include (0-6) | `?days-of-week=5,6` (weekends) |
| `limit` | Maximum number of events to show | `?limit=5` |
| `special-filter` | Predefined filter | `?special-filter=next-weekend` |

## Special Filters

The following special filters are available via the `data-special-filter` attribute or `special-filter` URL parameter:

| Value | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `this-week` | Events from the current week (Monday to Sunday) |
| `next-week` | Events from next week |
| `this-weekend` | Events from the upcoming/current weekend |
| `next-weekend` | Events from the next weekend |
| `next-7-days` | Events in the next 7 days |
| `next-30-days` | Events in the next 30 days |

## JavaScript API

The FWEmbed object is exposed in the global scope and provides methods for manipulating filters:

```javascript
// Set a specific filter
FWEmbed.setFilter('includeTags', ['comedy', 'music']);

// Reset all filters
FWEmbed.resetFilters();

// Apply a special filter
FWEmbed.applySpecialFilter('next-weekend');
```

## Example Use Cases

### "Here's what's happening next weekend" widget

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-special-filter="next-weekend" data-limit="3"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Combined calendar showing both classes and shows

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-combined-view="true"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Card view of all upcoming events with tag filtering

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-view="cards" data-include-tags="comedy,improv" data-tag-match="any"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Weekly view filtered to specific days (e.g., only Fridays)

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-days-of-week="5"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Limited display of the next X upcoming events

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-view="cards" data-limit="5"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

## Browser Compatibility

The script is compatible with modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge). The code uses ES6+ features with graceful degradation for older browsers.

## Development

To run in development mode, add the `data-development` attribute:

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="one" data-development="true"></script>
```

This will use `http://lvh.me:3000` as the base URL instead of the production domain.

## Changelog

See the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) file for a detailed list of changes between versions.

Commit message:

Version 2.1.2: Added live preview and UX improvements to configurator

README.md, after:

# Enhanced Event Display Embed Scripts (v2.1.2)

This project provides a JavaScript enhancer that adds advanced filtering capabilities to the original event display embed script.

## Overview

1. **Enhancer Script (`embed-enhancer.js`)**: Works alongside the original embed script to add advanced filtering
2. **Configurator Tool**: A web-based tool to help build custom embed codes with the desired options
3. **Original Script Reference** (`embed-orig.js`): The original embed script for reference

The enhancer enables client-side filtering and display options without changing the existing API or data source.

## Installation

### Using the Enhancer Script

Include the original embed script followed by the enhancer script:

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="https://crowdwork.com/embed.js?v=BETA-2025-04" data-theatre="your-theatre"></script>
<script src="path/to/embed-enhancer.js"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Using the Configurator

For an easier setup, use the configurator tool to generate your embed code:

1. Open the configurator tool at `/configurator/index.html`
2. Configure your desired options
3. Click "Preview Live" to see how it will look on your website
4. Make adjustments as needed and preview again
5. When satisfied, click "Get Embed Code" and copy to your website

## Configuration Options

The script supports the following configuration options via data attributes:

### Base Configuration (Original Options)

| Attribute | Type | Description | Default |
|-----------|------|-------------|---------|
| `data-theatre` | string | The theatre subdomain to fetch data from | Required |
| `data-type` | string | Type of events to display: "shows" or "classes" | "shows" |
| `data-view` | string | Display mode: "calendar" or "cards" | "calendar" for shows, "cards" for classes |
| `data-category` | string | Filter events by category | None |
| `data-start-date` | string | Initial calendar date (YYYY-MM-DD) | Current date |
| `data-start-dow` | number | First day of week (0=Sunday, 1=Monday, etc.) | 1 (Monday) |
| `data-local` | boolean | Whether to open links in same window | false |
| `data-development` | boolean | Enable development mode | false |

### Advanced Filtering Options (New)

| Attribute | Type | Description | Default |
|-----------|------|-------------|---------|
| `data-include-tags` | string | Comma-separated list of tags to include | None |
| `data-exclude-tags` | string | Comma-separated list of tags to exclude | None |
| `data-tag-match` | string | Tag matching strategy: "any" or "all" | "any" |
| `data-limit` | number | Maximum number of events to show | 0 (no limit) |
| `data-date-range` | string | Date range (format: "YYYY-MM-DD,YYYY-MM-DD") | None |
| `data-date-offset` | string | Show events within period (e.g., "7d", "2w", "1m") | None |
| `data-days-of-week` | string | Comma-separated days to include (0-6, where 0=Sunday) | None |
| `data-special-filter` | string | Predefined filter (see Special Filters) | None |
| `data-combined-view` | boolean | Show both shows and classes in one view | false |

## URL Parameter Support

The script supports the following URL parameters for sharing filtered views:

| Parameter | Description | Example |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `include-tags` | Comma-separated list of tags to include | `?include-tags=comedy,music` |
| `exclude-tags` | Comma-separated list of tags to exclude | `?exclude-tags=18+,mature` |
| `tag-match` | Tag matching strategy: "any" or "all" | `?tag-match=all` |
| `start-date` | Filter start date (YYYY-MM-DD) | `?start-date=2025-05-01` |
| `end-date` | Filter end date (YYYY-MM-DD) | `?end-date=2025-05-31` |
| `days-of-week` | Comma-separated days to include (0-6) | `?days-of-week=5,6` (weekends) |
| `limit` | Maximum number of events to show | `?limit=5` |
| `special-filter` | Predefined filter | `?special-filter=next-weekend` |

## Special Filters

The following special filters are available via the `data-special-filter` attribute or `special-filter` URL parameter:

| Value | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `this-week` | Events from the current week (Monday to Sunday) |
| `next-week` | Events from next week |
| `this-weekend` | Events from the upcoming/current weekend |
| `next-weekend` | Events from the next weekend |
| `next-7-days` | Events in the next 7 days |
| `next-30-days` | Events in the next 30 days |

## JavaScript API

The FWEmbed object is exposed in the global scope and provides methods for manipulating filters:

```javascript
// Set a specific filter
FWEmbed.setFilter('includeTags', ['comedy', 'music']);

// Reset all filters
FWEmbed.resetFilters();

// Apply a special filter
FWEmbed.applySpecialFilter('next-weekend');
```

## Example Use Cases

### "Here's what's happening next weekend" widget

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-special-filter="next-weekend" data-limit="3"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Combined calendar showing both classes and shows

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-combined-view="true"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Card view of all upcoming events with tag filtering

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-view="cards" data-include-tags="comedy,improv" data-tag-match="any"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Weekly view filtered to specific days (e.g., only Fridays)

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-days-of-week="5"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

### Limited display of the next X upcoming events

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="your-theatre" data-view="cards" data-limit="5"></script>
<div id="fourth_wall"></div>
```

## Browser Compatibility

The script is compatible with modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge). The code uses ES6+ features with graceful degradation for older browsers.

## Development

To run in development mode, add the `data-development` attribute:

```html
<script id="fw_script" src="embed-new.js" data-theatre="one" data-development="true"></script>
```

This will use `http://lvh.me:3000` as the base URL instead of the production domain.

## Changelog

See the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) file for a detailed list of changes between versions.
